Migration and countersigning content updates, 11ty site, take 2 (#357)
holochain/docs-pages: src/pages/concepts/8_calls_capabilities.md

:::

![](/assets/img/concepts/8.1-calls.png){.sz80p} {.center}

## Client, inter-zome, bridge, and remote calls: who can call whom

You might remember from [Application Architecture](../2_application_architecture/) that all back-end functionality of a Holochain application is contained in the DNA, or rather, the individual zome libraries in the DNA. Any externally exposed functions in those libraries, specifically the **coordinator zomes**, are exposed in turn by the conductor as the cell's public API. There are four scenarios when this API might be accessed. In every scenario, it's considered a [remote procedure call](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Remote_procedure_call). 

### Client call

![](/assets/img/concepts/8.2-client-call.png){.sz80p} {.center}

> An agent makes things happen in her cell by calling one of its public functions through the **app interface**, which is a WebSocket port that the conductor makes available on the agent's device. The thing making the calls is a client of some sort --- a GUI, a shell script, a long-running service, anything that can speak WebSocket. The important thing to remember is that, because the conductor only exposes the app interface on the local machine, the client has to live on the local machine too. This protects the cell from being accessed by anyone other than its owner.

Author: yeah, thinking also about Flux and how it proxies the WebSocket over the LAN. Those are some interesting use cases, and I don't want to make it seem like they're impossible.

> An agent makes things happen in her cell by calling one of its public functions through the **app interface**, which is a WebSocket port that the conductor makes available on the agent's device. The thing making the calls is a client of some sort --- a GUI, a shell script, a long-running service, anything that can speak WebSocket. The important thing to remember is that, because the conductor only exposes the app interface on the local machine, the client has to live on the local machine too. This protects the cell from being accessed by anyone other than its owner.

Author: ```suggestion
An agent makes things happen in her cell by calling one of its public functions through the **app interface**, which is a WebSocket port that the conductor makes available on the agent's device. The thing making the calls is a client of some sort --- a GUI, a shell script, a long-running service, anything that can speak WebSocket. The important thing to remember is that the conductor only exposes the app interface on the local machine, which protects the cell from being accessed by anyone other than its owner. It's possible to expose that interface to the world using an HTTP proxy, but care should be taken to secure it --- primarily by helping the owner of the hApp understand the risk and make wise choices about whether to grant a capability to a given client.
```

Reviewer: Yes, that is clearer to me. I'd drop "a default that helps protect the cell from being accessed by anyone other than its owner", because cells can be accessed by agents other than the owner.
